docs: aws marketplace (#43466)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/license/_index.md

# Grafana Enterprise license

> When you become a Grafana Enterprise customer, you gain access to Grafans's premimum observability features, including enterprise data source plugins, reporting, and fine-grained access control. In order to use these [enhanced features of Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../_index.md" >}}), you must purchase and activate a Grafana Enterprise license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you become a Grafana Enterprise customer, you gain access to Grafana's premium observability features, including enterprise data source plugins, reporting, and fine-grained access control. In order to use these [enhanced features of Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../_index.md" >}}), you must purchase and activate a Grafana Enterprise license.
```
